Hi, welcome, how are you?
Hi, my friends, where are you from? I love your beautiful name!
Welcome to my livestream.
Today I will show you 2 products, they are all from Micro Ingredients, the right one is Multi-Collagen Peptides, the left one is Mushroom Coffee.
Now I will show you the details. Please press "1" to let me show you the left one, and "2" for the right one. Okay?
Let me hear your voice.
Okie, so first let me introduce the pink one, Multi-Collagen Peptides. I think you guys all know it already because it's really viral on TikTok Shop now.
Collagen production naturally decreases with age — contributing to the signs of aging that many of us are trying to avoid, like fine lines, make your skin drink enough water.
Dears, special offer today, 50% off! 50% off! Only in the livestream! Click the button below to grab this deal now!
Be our fans, free shipping today for you! Free shipping today in the US!
Last 5 mins, baby, don't miss out! Buy before it runs out! Click the button below!
Okie, I think my baby has questions. Okie, let me tell you why you should choose this collagen.
Follow us, daily I update natural recipes for you. And here, select hot sales with special prices for you.
It's a powerful unflavored multi-collagen complex that offers the most essential types of collagen including types I, II, III, V, and X.
Good for your hair, skin, nails, and joints.
Efficient absorption.
How to use it? Two scoops daily, mix it with your coffee or any drinks; it's unflavored.
Mix it into any of your favorite drinks and replenish your body with top-grade collagen from natural sources including bovine, chicken, marine, and eggshell membrane.
Premium blended powder that is non-GMO and made without soy, dairy, gluten, and tree nuts for maximized results.
Special offer for today, 50% off for new customers, 50% off! 50% off! Free shipping today in the US! Only available in our livestream! Click the button below to buy now!
The earlier you pay, the faster your shipment is.
The last 20 stocks, do not miss this good price and good items. Click the button below!
Be our fans, free shipping today for you! Free shipping today in the US!
Last 5 mins, baby, don't miss out! Buy before it runs out! Click the button below!
It's viral on TikTok Shop now! Viral on TikTok Shop!
Why is it viral? I think we can check some reviews from buyers.
Let me show you two random reviews about this product.
Here is one:
"I only use one scoop per day in my coffee in the morning, and it's helped my hair a lot. It's softer, healthier-looking, and growing faster than before. I blend the scoop in my iced coffee or not too hot coffee, and it has a slight creamy taste, so not bad at all. Tried using it in other liquids, and the taste of the powder threw off the taste of other liquids too much, so it will stay in my coffee. Overall, I will continue to purchase this to keep my hair looking so nice. I was hoping it would lessen the small fine lines I have on my face, but maybe it takes a little longer than a month to see any noticeable difference with those."
Dears, special offer today, 50% off! 50% off! Only in the livestream! Free shipping today in the US! Click the button below to buy now!
Be our fans, free shipping today for you! Free shipping today in the US!
Last 5 mins, baby, don't miss out! Buy before it runs out! Click the button below!
Another one from our buyers:
"I have only been using this product for two weeks. But I think I can tell a difference in my hair and skin already. It is very easy to take. I just put two scoops in my morning coffee. It does not change the taste of my coffee at all. I am pretty sure I am going to keep buying this product after I empty this package. I need collagen. I need protein. This is a product I will continue using."
If you are interested in how others say about it, click the yellow cart below and check the detail page.
Any questions please let me know in the comments.
Okay! Today we have a special offer for all you guys!
You can see below, based on the original price of 38 dollars, with 58% off, we have an extra 50% off discount on this product. Be our fan and when you click the buy button, the voucher will be automatically applied to your order. 8 dollars for 1LB. Free shipping today in the US! Only available in our livestream! Click the button below to buy now!
Special offer for today, 50% off for new customers, 50% off! 50% off! Free shipping today in the US!
The earlier you pay, the faster your shipment is.
The last 20 stocks, do not miss this good price and good items. Click the button below!
I have to go, guys, please do not miss it! Last 20 stocks. Free shipping today in the US!
Share my livestream with your friends and let them know about these good items here.
More likes so that I can keep offering the special price for you guys.
Only 10 pieces left today, guys! Hurry up! The price is today's special offer! Free shipping today in the US! Click the button below!