And again, you guys, this sells out quickly.
Every single week, I get people asking me about the vitamin D3&K2 and it's sold out.

So if you guys are thinking about trying it, now is the time to get it.
Because it sells out insanely fast.
They're already low in stock again.
Appreciate the share, Appreciate it.
If you guys have questions on the D3, let me know.
If you guys compare this to other D3K2 supplements on the market, the cost per serving on this is like a fraction of the other options available.
So it is a fantastic deal, fantastic value.
The original price 35.99, today only costs 17.99! ! If you are a new user, it only costs 12.59! ! ! So check your discounts and you can't miss it！！
click the button below and check your discount!
You have to know that everyone’s discount on TikTok is different. You can try sharing the live stream to your family and friendsand check the discount again to make sure you have better discount for purchase! !
Hurry up! Click the button below !!

Let me know if you guys have questions.
Let me know what questions you guys have.
If you guys want the D3K2, just hit the shopping cart, the gold shopping cart.
You can get the D3K2 there. Should be pinned.
If you guys are trying to buy both of these, hit the shopping cart icon in the corner, add them both to cart.
Hurry up! Click the button below !!
The original price 35.99, today only costs 17.99! ! If you are a new user, it only costs 12.59! ! ! So check your discounts and you can't miss it！！
click the button below and check your discount!

D3K2, K2 is essential for the absorption of D3K2. Right?
Bodies can't absorb D3 without vitamin K2.
That's why they're paired together.
This is great for energy, mood, sleep, reducing cortisol levels, sugar cravings, all that type of thing, right?
If you guys have been taking these, let us know down in the chat.
what benefits you guys have seen.
You have to know that everyone’s discount on TikTok is different. You can try sharing the live stream to your family and friendsand check the discount again to make sure you have better discount for purchase! !

You guys can also go read the reviews for both of these, right?
500,000 units sold, over 500,000 of the collagen, over 200,000 of the D3.
So go see what other people are saying.
There's tens of thousands of reviews for both of these in the TikTok shop.
If you click on the links below, scroll down, you'll see the reviews.
So go read what other people are saying.
Average rating for both of these is 4.6 stars.
So people are obviously extremely, extremely happy.
Appreciate the love .
Appreciate the share, appreciate it.
You have to know that everyone’s discount on TikTok is different. You can try sharing the live stream to your family and friendsand check the discount again to make sure you have better discount for purchase! !
The original price 35.99, today only costs 17.99! ! If you are a new user, it only costs 12.59! ! ! So check your discounts and you can't miss it！！
click the button below and check your discount!

You guys. And make sure you guys are taking advantage of those discounts.
Plus the flash sale going on today.
And again, I always warn you guys because this always happens.
The D3 always sells out super fast, right?
Was sold out for an entire week last week.
Just came back in a stock.
Every single week. So if this happens, you guys come on my live, ask me, where's the D3?
What about the D3? And it's sold out.
So if you guys are wanting to try that, now's the time to get it.
Just hit the shopping cart button. You can add to cart there.
If you guys are new, if you're just joining us, welcome in.
Hope everyone's having a great morning so far.
We're going over the multi-collagen peptides, vitamin D3 and K2 from micro greens, both super hot right now on TikTok.
You've probably seen them on your feeds.
How do I get the deal? Uh.
Add to cart, go to the checkout page, look for the section that says deals.
If you don't have any discounts on your TikTok, you need to share this live with another account.
You know, if you have a second account, you got a friend's account, spouse's account, whatever.
Share it with them. See if they have the discounts.
The original price 35.99, today only costs 17.99! ! If you are a new user, it only costs 12.59! ! ! So check your discounts and you can't miss it！！
click the button below and check your discount!
The vitamin D3 K2, you guys, if you want it, hit that shopping cart button in the corner.
There's 10,000 IUs of D3, 200 MCG of K2, in one of these capsules.
So you only need one capsule daily.
Okay. it doesn't matter what time of day you take it.
Morning, afternoon, evening.
It's fat soluble.
So you're not just going to pee it out like a water soluble.
Vitamin, but the reason they pair the vitamin D3 with the K2.
K2 is essential for the absorption of D3 by the body, right?
Our bodies cannot properly absorb vitamin D3 by itself.
We have to have vitamin K2 with it.
So if you guys are taking vitamin D3 supplements or vitamin D supplements, you need to go by a vitamin K2 supplement, or obviously you can just take this.
Because it has both of them in there.
It helped me so much then in my knee.
I'm guessing you're saying the pain in my knee was gone after a week.
Awesome love to hear that! Sweetness!
see um…
They are on sale right now!
click the button below and check your discount!
You guys vitamin d, only vitamin that every single part of the human body, has a receptor for right, so that should tell you how important it is.
They use coconut oil as the carrier oil, in these they smell and taste amazing.
There's 300 capsules in that little bag, so that little bag is going to last you for 10 months, right 300 days!
The original price 35.99, today only costs 17.99! ! If you are a new user, it only costs 12.59! ! ! So check your discounts and you can't miss it！！
You're just taking one a day.
Appreciate the share.
How does it work for your metabolism?
It's going to help reduce cortisol level, help balance hormones, right, so cortisol is a big issue.

what's the code to get the discount? Uh, there's no discount code, right, you add it to your shopping cart, hit that little button, that says deals apply for a discount and you're good to go, so that's what i'm saying.

So if you're a beginner buy with coupons there.
If you don't have the coupons share this live with somebody else, another account you have and get the coupons there.
Right. appreciate the share.
Guys that you are dealing with low energy levels, sweetness cravings, sleepless nights, even when you're tired a rational mood for no reason, things like that.
That are all likely due to high cortisol levels from a vitamin d3 deficiency, so research shows us that over 50 of people have high cortisol, due to vitamin d3 deficiencies. so if that's the case then you're going to have to buy, those coupons there, and you start taking this, you're going to start seeing those benefits, by reducing your cortisol levels, and fixing that d3 deficiency.
so many of us have especially those of us, that you know work inside all day, which is probably the majority of us, or those of us, that don't live in super sunny climates. Also probably a large majority.
appreciate the share.
appreciate the follow.

Um, i've seen people take this for ms diabetes fibromyalgia thyroid issues, so it is a great option for most people, right, and again you guys.
if you want the d3 k2, hit the shopping cart icon!
This stuff sells out extremely quickly, i warn you guys!
Every single week and then i get every single week it sells out.
Get people asking for it, so if you're wanting to try it, if you've been thinking about. it now would be the time to do, so if you have questions , make sure, you guys drop your questions down in the chat.
Anybody that's been taking this, share your experience.
let us know what benefits you.
appreciate the follow.
i've been taking the d3 for um several months.
Now biggest thing i've noticed has been energy and focus.
Can you take too much vitamin d? yes! you can take too much vitamin d. but vitamin k2 is going to help with that right? because if you're just taking vitamin d by itself it's going to create a calcium buildup vitamin k2 is what actually helps deliver the vitamin d properly.
so you don't get that calcium buildup.

If you have any questions on that, let me know.
Thank you! appreciate the share.
If you guys are trying to buy the D3, you have to hit the shopping cart icon to get it.
Collagen should be pinned below. If you're trying to get both, hit the shopping cart icon, add them both to cart, right?
Make sure you guys are taking advantage of those deals.
If you guys see this little coupon button, that little ticket looking thing, that means you have additional discounts from TikTok, right?
Those discounts do expire.
So take advantage of those while you have them.